src/non-tech/links/index.md, before:

---
permalink: false
template: links.html
title: non-tech links
date: 2015-01-12
description:
---

## Why some go and some don't - to Davos [2014-01-19]

Read it in the NYT article [Notable in Their Absence From Davos](http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/01/20/notable-in-their-absence-from-davos/).

## Rechtsstaat, Folter, etc. [2014-01-15]

Wenn [in der USA Folter mit Sondersituationen gerechtfertigt werden](http://www.progressive.org/news/2014/12/187936/war-how-cia-justifies-torture)
wo bleibt da der Rechtsstaat?

> Der Rechtsstaat wurde erfunden, damit es nie wieder Sondersituationen geben kann [...]
> In dem Moment wo ein Staat eine Sondersituation erklärt räumt er quasi sein Scheitern ein [...]
> Genau dann zeigt sich ja ob man mit seiner Moral, seiner Ethik tatsächlich so viel fortschrittlicher
> ist.

[ca. bei 13min](http://kenfm.de/blog/2014/12/17/cia-folterbericht/)

## Default will be: to be in prison (in the USA) [2014-01-14]

> The new laws make it a felony to intentionally access unauthorized information even if it's been posted to a public website. The new laws make it a felony to traffic in information like passwords, where "trafficking" includes posting a link.

Read more on [Errata Security's "Obama's War on Hackers"](http://blog.erratasec.com/2015/01/obams-war-on-hackers.html#.VLZx4qcqmnQ)

## UK wants to prohibit end-to-end encryption? [2014-01-13]

> The Prime Minister said today that he would stop the use of methods of communication that cannot be read by the security services even if they have a warrant.

As written in the [independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/whatsapp-and-snapchat-could-be-banned-under-new-surveillance-plans-9973035.html)
and picked up by [thenextweb](http://thenextweb.com/opinion/2015/01/13/david-camerons-plan-ban-end-end-encryption-catastrophic-internet-freedom/).  
Why not say "end privacy", what's the difference?


## Wie funktioniert Geld überhaupt? [2014-01-12]

[4h Sendung über wie Geld funktioniert](http://vimeo.com/33908662). Sehr interresant,
ich habe ein paar mal zurückspulen müssen :).

> Geld regiert die Welt. Alle Jahre wieder crasht das Geldsystem. Das exponentielle Wachstum durch Zins und Zinseszins ist die Ursache und systemimmanent.

Commit message:

Closing tabs and adding content here, add tags.

src/non-tech/links/index.md, after:

---
permalink: false
template: links.html
title: non-tech links
date: 2015-01-12
description:
---

## Larry Page thought paid ads are a bad idea [2014-01-19]

If I remember right [I heard here (german)](http://www.ardmediathek.de/tv/Reportage-Dokumentation/Die-Story-im-Ersten-Die-geheime-Macht-v/Das-Erste/Video?documentId=25070276&bcastId=799280) that 
Larry Page himself wrote in [his thesis](http://infolab.stanford.edu/~backrub/google.html) 
that payed search results are a bad idea. Well, he was young back than.  
I just didn't take the time to read it thoroughly and find the spot where he states it exactly.

## Why some go and some don't - to Davos [2014-01-19]

Read it in the NYT article [Notable in Their Absence From Davos](http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/01/20/notable-in-their-absence-from-davos/).

## Rechtsstaat, Folter, etc. [2014-01-15]

Wenn [in der USA Folter mit Sondersituationen gerechtfertigt werden](http://www.progressive.org/news/2014/12/187936/war-how-cia-justifies-torture)
wo bleibt da der Rechtsstaat?

> Der Rechtsstaat wurde erfunden, damit es nie wieder Sondersituationen geben kann [...]
> In dem Moment wo ein Staat eine Sondersituation erklärt räumt er quasi sein Scheitern ein [...]
> Genau dann zeigt sich ja ob man mit seiner Moral, seiner Ethik tatsächlich so viel fortschrittlicher
> ist.

[ca. bei 13min](http://kenfm.de/blog/2014/12/17/cia-folterbericht/)

## Default will be: to be in prison (in the USA) [2014-01-14]

> The new laws make it a felony to intentionally access unauthorized information even if it's been posted to a public website. The new laws make it a felony to traffic in information like passwords, where "trafficking" includes posting a link.

Read more on [Errata Security's "Obama's War on Hackers"](http://blog.erratasec.com/2015/01/obams-war-on-hackers.html#.VLZx4qcqmnQ)

## UK wants to prohibit end-to-end encryption? [2014-01-13]

> The Prime Minister said today that he would stop the use of methods of communication that cannot be read by the security services even if they have a warrant.

As written in the [independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/whatsapp-and-snapchat-could-be-banned-under-new-surveillance-plans-9973035.html)
and picked up by [thenextweb](http://thenextweb.com/opinion/2015/01/13/david-camerons-plan-ban-end-end-encryption-catastrophic-internet-freedom/).  
Why not say "end privacy", what's the difference?


## Wie funktioniert Geld überhaupt? [2014-01-12]

[4h Sendung über wie Geld funktioniert](http://vimeo.com/33908662). Sehr interresant,
ich habe ein paar mal zurückspulen müssen :).

> Geld regiert die Welt. Alle Jahre wieder crasht das Geldsystem. Das exponentielle Wachstum durch Zins und Zinseszins ist die Ursache und systemimmanent.
